hi guys my name is Ryan Harvey also
known as fubar duck I'm a hardcore fine
gamer from Austin Texas and today I want
to tell you why I should be selected for
Tina street fighter four cross assaults
sure I've made a name for myself yet
over 10 years in competitive play made
three consecutive top fives in evolution
for Street Fighter 3 third strike and
qualified for super bra de l'Opera on
Japan for both Street Fighter 3 and
street fighter 4 but let's face it guys
this is show business I think this show
needs somebody who's fashionable dump
for norcal it's gonna be Ricky vs fubar
doctor who's gone Hollywood on us here
those are I believe technically known as
fancy pants I'm still talking about
fubar ducks look as watch entourage sort
of a known by young are you sure yeah
he's a
yeah I like it I like it I'm feeling it
somebody who knows how to have a good
time
someone who's passionate I would have a
very deep and central conversation
because i'm a very philosophical person
oh yeah really just are you too
goodnight or not but a my heart I'm
gonna be honest hey I just wanna get
some you're not lewbert's gonna do I
don't know it's got someone who's
bilingual in both English and the mother
language of fighting games Japanese oh
and of course we got two large carrot
translate how did you prepare for
savings beat all the way out that she's
in speaking Swedish source time somebody
who truly loves the fighting game
community enough to say run their own
events in their city or open an arcade
I
and most importantly someone who's
willing to wake up ultra if that's what
it takes to win Wow right down to the
wire there's the altar
Depa takes about I'm selected not only
will i give Texas the representation it
deserves but I will lead team street
fighter to victory life oh no it does
make a man and a dizzy wave our doc puts
on a little bit of a show there that was
very smart play from full barked up the
man that owns the foo barking thanks for
watching everyone and remember to Like
comment on or share this video if you'd
like to see me you represent Texas on
street fighter cross tekken across the
salt